So, I'd have to admit, the military does a very good job of marketing
itself to be very, very tough, very strong and very team-oriented. You
can drive down any street and if you see a picture for the military,
you might see someone in these, in this uniform, but in a very very
movie style picture. And it's not always like that. For the most
part, we're not soldiers. I'm not a soldier, I'm a sailor which is
different than what many people think of the military. When you think,
when many people think of the military, they think of a full-metal
jacket, you know, with your hard hat, your helmet and, you know, walking
around with a gun and to tell you the truth, I've never, you
know, picked up a machine gun. The best I got was, like a little laser
pointer in bootcamp. Otherwise, I've never, I've never seen a gun.
So, the real military is a wide range of jobs. You have people working
on the weapon system, you have people talking languages, you have
people down in the nuclear plants, you have people that are cooks,
you have people showing the jets how to move. But, what's really presented,
what's romanticized is the basic soldier, you know, the Army
style, the Marine style. So, the Navy's kind of different, in a good
way.